New scenarios: KotH, Shattered Alliance, Astral Run (#211)
qwrtln/Homm3BG-mission-book: draft-scenarios/clash/king_of_the_hill.tex

\textbf{Starting Resources:} 15 \svg{gold}, 2 \svg{building_materials}, 1 \svg{valuables}

\textbf{Starting Income:} 10 \svg{gold}, 2 \svg{building_materials}, 1 \svg{valuables}

\textbf{Starting Units:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item A Few of cheapest \silver\ Units
  \item 1 random Neutral \bronze\ Unit
\end{itemize}

\textbf{Town Buildings:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item \bronze\ Dwelling
  \item City Hall
  \item \svg{building_special_tent} Building
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Map Setup}}
Take the following Map Tiles and arrange them as shown in the Scenario map layout ($P$ stands for the number of players):

\begin{itemize}
  \item P × Starting (I) Map Tile
  \item 2P × Far (II-III) Map Tiles
  \item 2P × Near (IV-V) Map Tiles
  \item 1 × Center Map Tile. The center Field is ``The Hill''
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Points}}
After Round 8, the player with the most Victory Points (VP) wins (see Tournament Book). Players also gain:
\begin{itemize}
  \item 5 VP for the first player flagging ``The Hill''
  \item 2 VP at the end of every Round for the player who controls ``The Hill''
  \item 1 VP for losing a Combat against another player
\end{itemize}

> \subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Timed Events}}
> 
> \begin{itemize}
>   \item \textbf{\nth{1} Round:} All Heroes gain +1 \svgeven{movement}.
>   \item \textbf{\nth{2} Round:} Players may gain either 10 \svg{gold}, 4 \svg{building_materials} or 2 \svg{valuables}.
>   \item \textbf{\nth{5} Round:} Remove all Black Cubes.
>   \item \textbf{\nth{7} Round:} All Heroes gain +1 \svgeven{movement}.
> \end{itemize}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Timed Events}}

\textbf{\nth{1} Round:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item All Heroes gain +1 \svgeven{movement}.
\end{itemize}
\textbf{\nth{2} Round:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Players may gain either 10 \svg{gold}, 4 \svg{building_materials} or 2 \svg{valuables}.
\end{itemize}
\textbf{\nth{5} Round:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Remove all Black Cubes.
\end{itemize}
\textbf{\nth{7} Round:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item All Heroes gain +1 \svgeven{movement}.
\end{itemize}
```

% !TeX spellcheck = en_US

> \addscenariosection{1}{Clash Scenario}{King of the Hill}{\images/kingofthehill.png}

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of the idea of having two scenarios named "king of the hill" and "king of the hill v2". Since it is a name of a kind of game mode (like "free for all"), maybe you could come up with other names? Also, I'd suggest using a different icon for the scenarios.

Author: hmm, I will try to come up with something. Is there any other scenarios yet with the game mode "king of the hill" in drafts?

Reviewer: There are none, but that would be like naming a clash scenario "Clash Scenario", if you know what I mean.

Author: hmm, I would still put king of the hill under Clash scenarios, and this way when looking at the table of contents page the player could get a good feeling of what kind of scenario it is with just the name. But I will think if I come up with something else.

Author: For a subsection king of the hill, the name could be changed but then it would also be a clash scenario but just with additional rules for VPs

\begin{multicols*}{2}

\textbf{Author:} LAAMAKALA

\textit{In the battle for the Hill, there is no honor — only victory or death. The weak will fall, the strong will fight, and only one will rule.}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Scenario Length}}
This Scenario plays out over 8 Rounds.

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Player Setup}}
\textbf{Player Count:} 2 -- 4

\textbf{Starting Resources:} 15 \svg{gold}, 2 \svg{building_materials}, 1 \svg{valuables}

\textbf{Starting Income:} 10 \svg{gold}, 2 \svg{building_materials}, 1 \svg{valuables}

\textbf{Starting Units:}
\begin{itemize}

>   \item A Few of \silver\ with the lowest Recruitment cost.
>   \item 1 random Neutral \bronze\ Unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item A Few of cheapest \silver\ Units
  \item 1 random Neutral \bronze\ Unit
```

\end{itemize}

\textbf{Town Buildings:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item \bronze\ Dwelling
  \item City Hall
  \item \svg{building_special_tent} Building
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Map Setup}}
Take the following Map Tiles and arrange them as shown in the Scenario map layout ($P$ stands for the number of players):

\begin{itemize}
  \item P × Starting (I) Map Tile
  \item 2P × Far (II-III) Map Tiles
  \item 2P × Near (IV-V) Map Tiles
  \item 1 × Center Map Tile. The center Field is ``The Hill''
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Conditions}}

> The game ends after Round 8.

Reviewer: This does not sound like a win con. The goal is to score as many VPs as you can, right?

Reviewer: I think removing is fine.

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Points}}
The player with the most Victory Points (VP) wins (see Tournament Book). players also gain:
\begin{itemize}

>   \item 5VP for the first player flagging ''The Hill''
>   \item 2VP at the end of every Round for the player who controls ''The Hill''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item 5VP for the first player flagging ``The Hill''
  \item 2VP at the end of every Round for the player who controls ``The Hill''
```

>   \item 5VP for the first player flagging ``The Hill''
>   \item 2VP at the end of every Round for the player who controls ``The Hill''
>   \item 1VP for losing a Combat against another player

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item 5 VP for the first player flagging ``The Hill''
  \item 2 VP at the end of every Round for the player who controls ``The Hill''
  \item 1 VP for losing a Combat against another player
```

\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Timed Events}}

\begin{itemize}

>   \item \textbf{\nth{1} Round:} all Heroes gain +1 \svgeven{movement}.
>   \item \textbf{\nth{2} Round:} Players may gain either 10 \svg{gold}, 4 \svg{building_materials} or 2 \svg{valuables}.
>   \item \textbf{\nth{5} Round:} Remove all black Cubes.
>   \item \textbf{\nth{7} Round:} all Heroes gain +1 \svgeven{movement}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item \textbf{\nth{1} Round:} All Heroes gain +1 \svgeven{movement}.
  \item \textbf{\nth{2} Round:} Players may gain either 10 \svg{gold}, 4 \svg{building_materials} or 2 \svg{valuables}.
  \item \textbf{\nth{5} Round:} Remove all Black Cubes.
  \item \textbf{\nth{7} Round:} All Heroes gain +1 \svgeven{movement}.
```

\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Additional Rules}}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Remove ``Unexpected Reinforcements'' from the Astrologers Proclaim Deck.
  \item \azure\ Units cannot be recruited at any point of the game.
  \item Citadel cannot be built on Round 1.
  \item The blocked Field on the Center Map Tile is a Magic Spring and does not count as blocked.

>   \item All Fields on Center Map Tile are visitable once per Faction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item All Fields on the Center Map Tile are visitable once per Faction.
```

>   \item Players do not lose gold for losing or retreating from any Combat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Players do not lose \svg{gold} for losing or retreating from any Combat.
```

  \item \textbf{Sanctuary:} Empower a Knowledge Statistic Card \textit{OR} gain +1 \svg{morale_positive}. \textit{Visitable once per Faction.}
  \item \textbf{Obelisk:} Draw 1 Card. \textit{Visitable once per Faction.}
  \item \textit{Optional:} At the beginning of each Round, roll two Attack Dice separately and apply the effect from the table below.
\end{itemize}

\hommtablemulticol[]{33}{
  \centering
  \medskip
  \textbf{Battlefield Conditions}\\
  \medskip

  \begin{tabularx}{0.95\linewidth}{p{0.15\linewidth}XXXX}\\

>   \darkcell[1.4]{-1/-1}
>     & \lightcell[1.4]{Dense Fog – All Ranged Units gain disadvantage.}\\
>   \darkcell[1.4]{-1/0}
>     & \lightcell[1.4]{Raining Ash – All \svg{unit_flying-table} Units gain -2 \svg{initiative-table}.}\\
>   \darkcell[1.4]{0/-1}
>     & \lightcell[1.4]{Sinking Mud – All \svg{unit_ground-table} Units move one space less.}\\
>   \darkcell[1.4]{-1/+1}
>     & \lightcell[1.4]{Scorching Earth – All \silver\ and \golden Units start Combat with 1 \svg{damage-table}.}\\
>   \darkcell[1.4]{0/0}
>     & \lightcell[1.4]{Clear Skies – No effect.}\\
>   \darkcell[1.8]{+1/-1}
>     & \lightcell[1.8]{Fey Trickery – Players Activate their Units in ascending order of Unit Initiative.}\\
>   \darkcell[1.4]{0/+1}
>     & \lightcell[1.4]{Rocky Terrain – All Ground Units gain \svg{defense_yellow} Token.}\\
>   \darkcell[1.4]{+1/0}
>     & \lightcell[1.4]{Tail Wind – \svg{unit_flying-table} Units gain +1 Movement.}\\
>   \darkcell[1.4]{-1/-1}
>     & \lightcell[1.4]{Perfect Conditions – All \svg{unit_ranged-table} Units gain advantage.}\\

Reviewer: Let's keep it sorted for clarity's sake.

```suggestion
  \darkcell[1.4]{-1/-1}
    & \lightcell[1.4]{Dense Fog – All Ranged Units gain disadvantage.}\\
  \darkcell[1.4]{-1/0}
    & \lightcell[1.4]{Raining Ash – All \svg{unit_flying-table} Units gain -2 \svg{initiative-table}.}\\
  \darkcell[1.4]{-1/+1}
    & \lightcell[1.4]{Scorching Earth – All \silver\ and \golden Units start Combat with 1 \svg{damage-table}.}\\
  \darkcell[1.4]{0/-1}
    & \lightcell[1.4]{Sinking Mud – All \svg{unit_ground-table} Units move one space less.}\\
  \darkcell[1.4]{0/0}
    & \lightcell[1.4]{Clear Skies – No effect.}\\
  \darkcell[1.4]{0/+1}
    & \lightcell[1.4]{Rocky Terrain – All Ground Units gain \svg{defense_yellow} Token.}\\
  \darkcell[1.8]{+1/-1}
    & \lightcell[1.8]{Fey Trickery – Players Activate their Units in ascending order of Unit Initiative.}\\
  \darkcell[1.4]{+1/0}
    & \lightcell[1.4]{Tail Wind – \svg{unit_flying-table} Units gain +1 Movement.}\\
  \darkcell[1.4]{+1/+1}
    & \lightcell[1.4]{Perfect Conditions – All \svg{unit_ranged-table} Units gain advantage.}\\
```

  \end{tabularx}
}
\begin{itemize}
  \item After winning a Neutral Combat, you may sacrifice 3 \bronze\ Units to gain 1 \silver\ Unit you~defeated.

>   \item At the start of the next turn, a defeated main Hero may gain +2 \svg{movement}, Empower any Statistic Card from their M\&M Deck \textit{and} Search (2) the \silver\ Neutral Deck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item At the start of the next turn, a defeated main Hero may gain +2 \svg{movement}, Empower any Statistic Card from their M\&M Deck, \textit{and} Search (2) the \silver\ Neutral Deck.
```
